Adding pontos ... (#24)
greenbone/autohooks-plugin-pylint: RELEASE.md

> version number for the new release. We are following [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
version number for the new release. We are following [Calendar Versioning](https://calver.org/)
```
